0	Do you have a driver's license and a safe driving record?	description: ((safe AND drive) OR (valid AND drive))
1	Do you have a high school diploma or GED?	description: ("high school diploma")
2	Do you meet federal requirements  to sell firearms	description: (federal AND "firearm transaction")
3	Have you worked in a retail store before?	description: ("sales experience")
4	Do you communicate clearly?	description: (communicate AND (clear OR understandable))
5	Can you arrive on time, every day?	description: (attendence AND punctuality)
6	Can you work with a team to serve customers well?	description: ("team player" OR "fast paced")
7	Do you have a competitive spirit to meet sales goals?	description: ((meet OR achieve) AND "sales goal" )
8	Do customers find you helpful, friendly, and trustworthy when they need assistance?	description: ("customer relationship" OR "customer service")
9	Do you build good relationships that inspire customer loyalty	description: (customer AND (relationship OR experience))
10	Can you learn new products quickly and advise customers about them?	description: ((product AND knowledge) OR (customer AND need))
11	Are you up-to-date with the latest technologies?	description: (latest AND technology)
12	Can you suggest new sales and promotion ideas and help make them happen?	description: ((attend OR participate) AND (meeting OR event))
13	Can you work at a cash register, taking payments and making change?	description: ("cash register")
14	Can you use devices like scanners?	description: (tool OR device OR scanner)
15	Can you create a daily sales reports and other paperwork?	description: (paperwork OR "transaction journal")
16	Can you follow businesss procedures?	description: ("monitor inventory" OR "loss prevention")
17	Are you willing to work flexible hours, including evenings?	description: (flexible AND schedule)
18	Are you willing to work in different locations as needed?	description: ("other location")
19	Can you take on a variety of tasks as needed?	description: ("various department")
21	Can you do maintenance tasks like setting up displays and cleaning the store?	description: (department AND maintenance)
22	Can you work on stocking store merchandise displays?	description: ((process OR store OR replenish) AND (stock OR merchandise))
23	Can you stand for long periods of time, and lift up to 40 pounds?	description: ("lift up to" OR "stand for long")
